Melhores ferramentas para criar Agentes de IA (sem programar)
 Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message. 
Since the great boom of artificial intelligence, potentialized by the launch of the EPTEN chat in 2022, we saw a term emerge that we don't stop hearing about, for those who are connected to innovation, which is the term of such artificial intelligence agents. With this theme at the forefront, several tools have emerged that allow us to create such AI agents. And unlike many people have been preaching on the internet that creating these AI agents is something extremely complex and difficult, today, with the availability of tools that we have at our disposal, the creation of these agents and extremely robust agents has become something extremely simple to execute.

And best of all, without necessarily having to know programming or write programming code for us to be able to create these AI agents. And in this video, let's get to know better what these tools are and the best tools for us to actually create these artificial intelligence agents. Welcome to the Dynamo Code Startup channel.

My name is Neto Camarano. Our goal here on the channel is to show that anyone, regardless of the previous technical knowledge they have, can be enterprising with technology, with artificial intelligence, either by creating their own SaaS, their own software or application, or by providing development services to other people. If this subject interests you and if you are new here, I already invite you to subscribe to the channel, activate the bell, because we are releasing content weekly about artificial intelligence, about no-code technologies, so you don't miss any of our new content.

Okay? So, welcome and let's get to the content. When we think about this universe of creation of applications, software, systems, technologies that don't need the use of code, this universe of no-code tools, we have some categories of projects, categories of results that we are looking for. So, we have categories of tools for the creation of software and applications.

We have categories of tools for the creation of back-ends, sites, automations, chatbots, business tools. And we have a new category emerging now, which to no one's surprise, according to the theme and title of our content here, which is a category of creation of artificial intelligence agents. As I mentioned, since the boom of artificial intelligence, we've seen dozens of tools emerging to create agents.

And today we have several tools, many of high quality, for us to create extremely robust agents, very interesting for us to be implementing in our business. But before we go deeper into the main no-code tools for the creation of these artificial intelligence agents, a technology that I need to comment on with you and, in fact, at least brush up and you have knowledge, is the Lanchain framework. Lanchain is nothing more than a code development framework that was designed and created for the creation of applications using LLMs, that is, for us to also be able to create our own agents.

It was a framework launched in 2022, which had an absurd growth and, obviously, enhanced by the launch of the APT chatbot and this boom in artificial intelligence that we experienced. It broke GitHub's growth records in 2023, reaching GitHub's most used frameworks with the highest growth. All this, obviously, due to this boom.

And I'm commenting on Lanchain because Lanchain is basically a structure that has become quite standard for the development of the vast majority of applications that we already know on the internet. And it has also become standard and base for many of the NoCode tools that we know. So, many of the tools that we will be presenting here, they will most likely use Lanchain underneath the covers for us to be building our applications.

For us to know a little more here, as I mentioned, Lanchain provides a series of tools for us to do our well-known REG, Retrieval Augmented Generation, for us to do the search, retrieval, the search for information from a database, for us to do the storage indexing in vector databases, for us to create agents, to extract data. So, it has a whole series of tools that facilitate most of the processes that we require when we are thinking of creating AI agents, integrated tools for artificial intelligence. And when we look at our AI agent architecture, and this is content that we recently presented on the channel, I'll even pin it here for you, in case you haven't seen it, what are AI agents, and there we make a definition of the architecture, explore a little more the levels of agents as well.

So, I recommend that there we go deeper into these themes here, in each of these elements, explore. But if we analyze the architecture of the AI agent, it is also closely linked to what Lanchain provides us. So, we have there the supply of information for us to do the REG, this Retrieve Augmented Generation, to search for information, also to do the information embedding, to also work with data memory, work with tools and API calls.

So, Lanchain makes all this available to us. And it also allows us to work with the most diverse models, models that make the most sense to us as well. And then, finally, entering the main tools for the creation of agents, I will bring here again our levels of AI agents that we make possible.

Again, this is a content that we explored a lot in the other video that we released, exploring what AI agents are. So, we approached each of these levels here, we will review it here, and now presenting these main tools as well. So, in our types of agents and level of agents, we have here, at level 1, the LLMs, which are nothing more, you can't even call us an agent, which is basically a unique requirement for the LLMs there, there is no memory here, for example, we basically have the model itself there, in which we make a unique requirement for the GPT, model 3.5 or 4, and we don't input a memory into it, we only have GOSP and a response.

So, here at the level of tools are basically the models themselves, the CRUZ models, the GPT-4, the CLOUD, the GEMINI, anyway. So, not the GEMINI tools, not the GEPT tools, but the models, the GEMINI, the GPT 3.5 or 4.0, for example. That is, here we are not even talking about agents yet, they are still our models, we can't even comment that we are dealing with agents here.

When we come to our level 1, here we already input what we call memories, so here we can make the agent itself have context memory, have, in fact, the memory of the conversation, and here, for example, we have the tools that we already know, which is a GPT 3.5 chat, more simplified, or CLOUD, the tools that we have at our disposal for free. GPT 3.5 chat, GEMINI in the free version, CLOUD in the free version as well. And when we move on to our level 2, things start to get a little more interesting, the tools start to be more specific as well.

So, at level 2, we enter the RAG level, for us to do the Retrieval Augmented Generation, which is when we do the search for information in PDFs, searches in Excel files. So, we have here the part of vector data database already implemented in our agent. So, here we start to give a more interesting question to our agent.

Some tools that allow the creation of agents with this part of Retrieval Augmented Generation. We have here the Chatbase, a very well-known tool, quite used, perhaps one of the most famous, one of the first ones that came up as well, for us to make extremely simple chatbots, a tool with a very simplified learning curve, we basically access it, upload a PDF there, or put a URL on our website, and it starts talking to the information that we have, for example, on our website. So, very simplified, very cool.

Also, again, going back to what I said, a tool that is totally based and built on the LangChain framework. So, this is also very interesting. In addition to the Chatbase, which I think is one of the main ones here, we have Retune, also an interesting tool, a little more recent, perhaps with a little less functionality, but new.

We also have Dante, facing the Chatbase, a slightly older tool. And here in Brazil we have Zaya, also a national tool, which also allows the creation of agents with this part of uploading PDFs and files. So, some interesting tools here.

I think it stands out here, because it's been on the market longer, already doing some integrations with more users, more known. I believe that, at this moment, we have the Chatbase, a tool that we use internally as well, and I think it's a very low learning curve tool, and it allows us to do this reg part in a very simplified way. These tools are still quite simplified, so they have some limitations for us to do this reg part.

Excellent, they can meet us, but when we go to the need to do integrations with tools called API, we already have our third level, which are our tool levels, where we have agents that allow us to make API calls. And here, in this case, these OpenAI tools come in, so we have the custom GPTs here. For those who don't know, custom GPTs are nothing more or less than custom GPT Chats that we have at our disposal when we pay the GPT Pro Chat.

So we can create our GPTs, we can have access to the GPT store, in which other people created their own GPTs there, and we can have access to an interesting knowledge base. Here we already have tools that we can make API calls, so they are a little more robust agents. So here we have the custom GPTs, and we also have the OpenAI assistants, which are another tool within OpenAI, for the developers, in which we can access these assistants through API calls.

The main difference between the GPTs and the assistants is that we can integrate the assistants via APIs, and the GPTs already live in a closed environment of OpenAI. So we have this arrangement here for the creation of agents with tools, with Retrieval Augmented Generation as well. We have the GPTs and the assistants when we look at the OpenAI ecosystem.

We are talking about OpenAI, a company that is leading a lot of innovation, so it's nice to keep an eye on what they've been doing, get to know this assistant environment a little more. So it's always a first step for us to start getting to know, keep an eye on where they're going, because they'll probably also be leading innovation in that sense. In addition to the OpenAI ecosystem, the GPTs and the assistants, for the creation of tools, we have two other very interesting tools.

One of them is DeFi, a tool that I really like as well, because it's an open source tool, that is, we can host this tool on our VPS, a little more technical things for us to host it and everything else. But this opens up an interesting range, we have a cost reduction with the tool, and it also has a very interesting flexibility for us to be able to select the model we're going to use. We can select the GPT, or we can select another model, and we also have the possibility to make this issue of API calls, our tools at our disposal, in addition to doing the Retrieve Augmented Generation, etc.

And then another tool, a tool that has grown a lot over the past few years as well, is a tool created with Snowcode tools, which is SynFlow, a very robust tool that allows us to make calls, agents make calls to other people, call calls, talk to people. So it's something quite interesting and disruptive that we have at our disposal for agent creation, in case it fits with your needs. And here now, when we move on to our levels 4 and 5, without exploring too much in technical terms what they are and what they do, something that we explored a lot in our other video, which I have already recommended here, and I actually recommend that you watch it, we have here the creation of self-feedback agents and multi-agents, and to create the tools at our disposal in this scenario, we have here the Relevance AI, a foreign tool that has a gigantic ease for us to build this type of agents, multi-agents, totally Snowcode, but it may have a slightly higher price, depending on what you want to build.

And then in another counterpart, we have Flowwise, a very robust tool as well, in which we need to install it on our VPS, so there is this initially technical barrier there, but it is a tool in which we can build in a totally Snowcode way, on top of the Language Chain Framework, so Flowwise is basically built all on top of the Language Chain Framework, it is basically a visual interface for the Language Chain, so that we can build on top of the Language Chain Framework. So what does the Language Chain have at our disposal? Flowwise, of course it always updates, it runs as the Language Chain evolves, Flowwise also makes these tools available to us. So with Flowwise we can actually make it very modular what we are building in our agent, we can use several models, unify models, use a model for our agent, use a model to be part of Embeddings, select which database we want to use, so we can make it very modular and actually create the way we want, with the technologies we want.

Here, of course, as we go up this ladder, we go up a level of complexity. In contrast, Relevance AI is a very simple tool, very low-code, which also facilitates this creation, so we don't grow that much, but when we go to Flowwise, we already have a slightly larger learning curve to create these agents, but obviously with that we gain flexibility also for the creation of these agents. For the creation of multi-agents, Flowwise is implementing some functions that the Language Chain enables, which facilitates the creation of multi-agents, still in construction, but probably in a few days or weeks we will have this at our disposal as well.

So this is one of the main scenarios of our main tools that we have today in the market, thinking about each of the levels. Tools that are valid, make sense, we are quoting here, and it makes sense for you to take a look. I emphasized here the main tools that I have actually used more, I used more, I tested more, and I use it internally, but here is a map for you to also have this view.

And going a little deeper, to clear up some doubts that I know that will arise and arise at all times, are the differentiations between Agents, Chatbots and the tools that are applied to each of these. So coming here to the screen, we have here the Agents, which are nothing more than Agents, they use the A-generative, the Natural Language Processing, that is, the way I am communicating here with you, the way we write, to understand needs and goals, and answer and answer the client's questions. So this is how Agents work.

And here as an example, we already have all the tools that we mentioned earlier, and here I brought as one of the main examples OpenAI with its GPTs and with its assistant tools, which I recommend that you also take a look and get to know a little more. When we go to Chatbots, we already have there, are flows of conversations manually built and previously built. So we basically have those flows of blocks that we built, either with script code, or with pre-built blocks, that we already have there all the flow of the pre-thought user.

So the person gets in touch, Hi, how are you? Their answer will always be kind of like, Hi, how are you? How can I help you? Here are three options. So the Chatbot is already more ingested in that sense. And then, some tools that we have at our disposal today for the creation of very well-known Chatbots.

For example, we have Typebot and the main chat itself, especially when we talk about bots for Instagram and WhatsApp. And then we still have here, in this view, Chatbots with Artificial Intelligence. What are they? They are Chatbots that have this flow of traditional Chatbots.

So we build pre-built flows that follow a user flow, but they also have at their disposal, these flows here, that have some functions of Artificial Intelligence. So, for example, they can do, at certain times, a reg, right? Do a retrieval of some information, of a database of information that this flow was trained. So, given the user's question, the answer can be adapted based on this knowledge that was trained, in quotes, trained, this chatbot flow.

And here, for example, we have some tools well known as Botpress and Voiceflow, and a more recent tool, also known as Lyra, maybe you've heard about it. So, in short, the chatbots basically regurgitate information that was predefined for them to respond. The AI agents can, in quotes, reason to give us an answer, personalized to each user interaction.

Then you can ask, Ah, Neto, these chatbot tools with Artificial Intelligence are very top, right? Do they unite bots with IAs, with agents? He said, I don't think so, right? It depends a lot on the need you want to build. AI agents can be much more powerful if you use the tools for the creation of AI agents. These chatbot tools, they have a chatbot flow that is sometimes not necessary for what you are looking to build.

So, in fact, it is necessary to understand what you want to build. If it's another chatbot, or if it's an agent for you to consume the information of this agent, it depends a lot on your need, in fact. And now, obviously, bringing this to our universe of NoCode tools, we saw our categories of creating SaaS software, automations, and now this new category of AI agent creation, how can we use it in our applications, in our systems, within our company, combining these two great applications.

And for this, we have this SaaS software architecture that we all know. For the creation of interfaces, we can, for example, even use WhatsApp itself, use WhatsApp as an interface, and then we are integrating this WhatsApp with all our AI agents so that we consume these intelligence of the agents on WhatsApp, or we can create completely customized interfaces using tools like FlutterFlow, Bubble, Softr, etc. And then, obviously, the magic of this comes from the integration of these NoCode tools with these agent creation tools.

And then we can give the intelligence of these agents to practically any tool or interface we want, be it WhatsApp, be it Instagram, be it a completely personalized interface created by us, be it our internal system of our company, we can be uniting and integrating it, making use of databases, integrations, or even these integrative tools like MAKE and N8n, which are extremely robust and powerful. If this idea of ??creating agents is already something that draws your attention, something you want to know a little more, to deepen this knowledge, to actually create agents in practice, I need to invite you here and introduce you to our new formation of artificial intelligence plus NoCode, where we have the goal of democratizing this access to artificial intelligence and also the creation of applications, or softwares, or SaaS with artificial intelligence, without the need for you to have previous knowledge in programming or know how to write code. So we are uniting our universe of NoCode tools, which allows us to create systems and technologies without having to write code with our new ecosystem of artificial intelligence.

So this is our new formation, we have it based on five phases, where we address product development fundamentals, so we go from the beginning of product development, software development fundamentals, artificial intelligence fundamentals, then we move on to the main artificial intelligence tools, we come here in the masterclass of AI, we have a deep course of artificial intelligence, we have here courses about the main AI for text generation, image, audio, video, then we come here in the fundamentals of NoCode applications tools, so the foundations of MVP NoCode, automations NoCode, websites NoCode, SaaS NoCode, then we have been combining these two knowledges with practical cases, so we combine here, turbine any product in minutes with artificial intelligence, we create our first microsaas with GPT Vision for image analysis, we clone the GPT chat, both text creation and image creation, we have here the integration part of these GPTs, our assistants, with Function Calling, which is basically we can make API calls for us to talk to the database, talk to external APIs, this opens up a gigantic world of possibilities for us, something really robust, and here we can also integrate our assistant with WhatsApp for us to make these API calls through WhatsApp, integrate and talk to the database through WhatsApp, well, something very interesting. And to close with the golden key, we have here a phase 5, from scratch to SaaS, where we go from planning to the sale of subscriptions of our SaaS with Stripe, so we have been creating here the design, the back-end, integrates our application with artificial intelligence, we also play this application in artificial intelligence for WhatsApp, then we collect subscriptions. And of course, our formations are always alive, we always have new content, we already have some masterclasses from N2N, FlowWise, masterclasses at business levels for you too, at your disposal.

In our ecosystem here, in these phases, we go deep into the OpenAI ecosystem, one of the ecosystems that has led to innovation in this scenario of artificial intelligence. So if you are interested, I will leave the link in the description of the video, it actually presents the formation with a full mouth, knowing that this is something unique, not only in Brazil, but as in the world, we do not find this content anywhere, unique, from No Code Startup, bringing it to you first hand. For today, it's just our content for us to present and explore these main tools for creating agents.

I hope you enjoyed it, elucidated a little more where each tool fits in our universe of artificial intelligence agent creation, these artificial intelligence tools too. So that's it for today, in case you haven't watched our content, in which we explore a little more what these agents are, I'll leave the card here pinned for you to watch this content now. At most, I thank everyone who watched so far, and see you in the next video.
 Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.
